Program Name:
Discussion 5

Program Description:

What percentage of men and women pursue STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) degrees? With your programming partner, you will complete a program that reads from a file called stem.txt&nbsp;and writes to an output file called stemout.txt. It does not store any data. But it uses loops and functions to read from the file and do some analysis. It calculates the percentage of men and women in each major and writes the name of the major, percentage men, and percentage women to the output file. Percentages should be printed to two decimal places.

You must ignore the first line in stem.txt, which is a header line. The function openFile() has been written for you. You must write the ratioCalc() function.

What other statistics can you calculate and add to the output file? Add another function to calculate one other statistic from the given data.

Task:

Open this starter&nbsp;Starter File&nbsp;and make a copy.
Click on the Files icon -&gt; design.doc and plan the steps of your algorithm.
Start with the end - design what the user will see when they run your program.
Design first, then write your C++ program.
Update the program header with both partner names and other information, and post a link on this discussion topic.
Percentages should be printed to two decimal places.
Must have another function (other than the 2 given functions - openFile and ratioCalc) to calculate any other statistic for the given data.
You will not be using that String variable anymore in the rest of your CS classes here at PCC. So, use char arrays (C-strings).


Design:
A. INPUT
Define the input variables including name data type. 

B. OUTPUT
Define the output variables including data types. 

C. CALCULATIONS
Describe calculations used by algorithms in step D.  
List all formulas. 
If there are no calculations needed, state there are no calculations.

D. LOGIC and ALGORITHMS
Design the logic of your program using pseudocode or flowcharts. 
Use conditionals, loops, functions or array constructs.
List the steps in transforming inputs into outputs. 


SAMPLE RUNS

